hello there are we've just actually got
this water filter right and it filters
about four liters of water after a
couple of hours and then it leaves all
the rest of the shit at the bottom now
so what I'm going to do now is I'm just
going to show you what is left at the
bottom after four liters of water has
been distilled watch this okay you can
see right in there all that white kinky
stuff and they're brown stuff okay
that's what I'm about four liters of
water and now some of that wave stuff
there that's a sodium fluoride I little
cancer-causing carcinogen and it looks
pretty disgusting than that now watch
what happens when we add just a little
bit of water to this pot see now as you
can see some of the stuff is still
actually bait bond is solid pollution so
let's see what we can do we can be shove
it up a little bit if we can make sure
that all that poison gets mixed with the
water and then I think you might have an
idea oh oh man
a lot of disgusting shit in there yummy
I care now look at us now does that look
like nice healthy nutritious h2o to you
hmm i don't think so mate that is pretty
disgusting so that's basically what
auckland public waters like after has
been boiled down away but not terribly
healthy for you in fact you know i'd
love to find somebody to actually dare
to drink this don't worry mate it's only
what's come out of public water in jesus
is like floaties and everything in there
yeah man that is so gross well as you
can see what's in our water is not
terribly good looking I think it's
important for everybody to realize that
there are actually poisons and our water
supply they do make us a lot slower and
dumber and crazier and lot more
depressed and and generally sicker and
get more cancer and autism and all
bunches of shit you just really don't
want to know what's in that water well
even though you should know because if
you don't you won't have an informed
opinion about what's actually going on
as far as you know the water supply is
being poisoned measure if somebody was
dumping rat poison and prosaic into the
reservoirs would you be happy about it
because it's good for your teeth I don't
fucking think so all right so make sure
you wise up everyone and I get the
fluoride out of the water good shit
catch you later